There are many types of RNN Architectures.
Sometimes you're trying to build
a sentiment classifier of tweets.
In that case you might want
to use one type of model.
Another time, you might want to
generate a caption for an image and
then you might want to use
a different architecture.
So there are many different
types of architectures and
in this video we will show
you all the different types.
>> There are many different
types of tasks in AI.
Here, I'll group them according to
the nature of their inputs and outputs.
For instance, a One to One task
takes as input, a set of law or
non correlated features x and
returns a single output y.
Say you had a list of scores
from your favorite team
in the European soccer tournament.
La Liga Santander, as inputs,
you could have a recurrent neural network
that predicted the position of
your team on the leader board.
However, notice that this recurrent
neural network isn't much different from
a conventional neural network.
It only has an additional hidden states h,
superscript, subscript 0.
So for this type of task,
RNNs aren't all that useful.
But if you want a neural network
that takes an arbitrary image and
generates a caption describing
the content of that image in English,
in this case a brown puppy,
you can build an RNN.
This type of task is known as One to Many
because your RNN takes a single image and
generates multiple words to describe it.
Another type of task is Many to One.
You may already be familiar with
one practical example of this type,
sentiment analysis.
In that instance, if you have
a sequence of words like this Tweet
that says I am very happy as input
in your model should output whether
the tweet has a negative or
positive sentiments,
your RNN would take every word from
the sequence as inputs in different steps,
propagates information from the beginning
to the end and outputs the sentiment.
Finally, Many to Many tasks involve
multiple inputs and multiple outputs.
For example, in machine translation
you have a sequence of words in french
you want to get its equivalent in another
language such as English and RNN would do
well for this task because they propagate
information from the beginning to end and
this is what makes them able to capture
the general meaning afford sequences.
This particular architecture
encoder decoder is very popular for
machine translation.
The first part of this neural network
doesn't return any outputs, y hat.
And it's called an encoder
because it encodes sequences,
affords any single representation.
This captures the overall meaning of
the sentence that is decoded later to
a sequence of words in the other language.
RNN are powerful architectures.
This can be used to solve
a lot of interesting problems.
In NLP, there are multiple applications
where current neural networks are useful,
such as machine translation and
caption generation.
You can think of are RNNs as versatile
tools that can be shaped according to
the situation.
>> Depending on the task
you're trying to solve,
you can choose one of these architectures.
In the next video, I'll talk about
a simple record, neural network and
then you can apply it to
all these architectures.